How are you
It's a disguise
oh I know why it's multi disguise because
be lion
look for being a lion and a chick I know
what does it mean to you to want to live and you
good
and you more
and is that I do not see time anymore said
November all against the teeth
chopped and friends we talk and we have
what to risk
Well, actually, I'm fine
chimuela besides that I miss new
plays
with that I use the same brush
of teeth to save water and paste
we even brush our teeth at the same
good time friends remember the al
toothbrush like me to avoid
be chimuelos like us the
cheerleaders are continuous
like mine but remember all the
kids, let's avoid stands and models like me
as a doll and you know there is
false teeth
and navy that never could with the
brakes for their bodies
November 14 nutrient
a real life campaign
fidel and I tell you jokes marinelli de
marine and marine
I tell you, look at it comes to marina with its
mom and mom says mom
at school they tell me that I'm fine and
intone
the innkeepers to my daughter
nothing else is there because
developing the floor
that he was not a marine dependent because
they are circling